More important docs! (#2317)
spacedriveapp/spacedrive: docs/product/guides/clouds.mdx

index: 100
---

# Connecting Clouds

<Notice
	type="note"
	title="WIP"
	text="This feature is not available yet, please check our [roadmap](/roadmap)."
/>

> Connecting cloud services with your Spacedrive library will allow you to create [Cloud Locations](). This will allow you not only to search your clouds while offline, but also ensure you have local copies of your cloud files, or offload if space is an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connecting cloud services with your Spacedrive library will allow you to create [Cloud Locations](). This will allow you to not only search your cloud storage while offline, but also ensure you have local copies of your cloud files, or offload them if space is an issue.
```
